Rework etl exercise (#24)
kytrinyx/problem-specifications: exercises/etl/introduction.md

# Introduction

> You work for a company that makes an online multi-player game called Lexiconia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You work for a company that makes an online multiplayer game called Lexiconia.
```
